README.me/.WriteLine
Thou shalt not covet.
Thy neighbor's men servant nor maid servant, not his ox, nor his ass, nor anything that is thy neighbor's.. and if thou sellest ought unto thy neighbor, or buyest ought of thy neighbor's hand ye shall not oppress one another. Thou shalt not oppress an hired servant; take thou no usury of them nor increase. Thou shalt not rule over them with rigor, they shalt not be sold as bondservants, nor shall ye compel them to serve as bondservants. Thou once set them free, but later ye changes thy minds and, took them back and forced them to become slaves again... I made a covenant with thy ancestors when I rescued my people from Egypt and set them free from slavery. For they are my servants, which I brought forth it off the land of Egypt; they shall not be sold as bondservants! For until me the children of Israel are servants; they are my servants whom I brought out of the land of Egypt. I AM THE LORD THY GOD! Whom are the Israelites??? To whom pertaineth the adoption, and the glory, and the giving of the law for the service of God, and the promises. It depends on faith for grace to abound; man shall not live by bread alone but every word that proceeds from the mouth of thy Lord. And the just shall live by faith. If a soul commit a trespass against the Lord, and lie unto thy neighbor about that which was delivered to keep it in fellowship "with the deceiver''... Or anything that was taken away by violence or force "whether person or object" and hath deceived thy neighbor, or hath found that which was lost and lied about it, and hath sworn falsely in any of all the above then those whom does hath sinned therein... And it shall be because that or those people hath sinned and is guilty, that those or that person shall restore what was taken away by violently, or which was deceitfully gotten, or that which hath been delivered to keep "trust fund" "testors probate" etc.. or the lost thing or person which was found, and all that which a person that sworn falsely " shall restore that in the principle and shall add the fifth more until it and give it to whomever " the Israelites" it appertain to in the day of their trespass offering. (Thus is the trespass offering) 
And ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make ye free.. And if a man or woman swear pronouncing with an oath to do good or bad, whatever it be that that person hath pronounced with an oath and it be hidden from that person... When that person finds out about the matter which was hidden, then shall the accuser be guilty in all these precepts, laws, and statues. And it shall be that the guilty shall be deemed a talebearer, and shall confess that he or she hath signed against their neighbor and God. For you can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth. Thus sayeth I the LORD THY GOD, with an oath and promise, I swear to my own hurt that vengeance is mines and I will do until thee what ye thought to do until me.
